add context about updated_at support (#6746)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/snapshots.md

| [strategy](/reference/resource-configs/strategy) | The snapshot strategy to use. Valid values: `timestamp` or `check` | Yes | timestamp |
| [unique_key](/reference/resource-configs/unique_key) | A <Term id="primary-key" /> column(s) (string or array) or expression for the record | Yes |  `id` or `[order_id, product_id]` |
| [check_cols](/reference/resource-configs/check_cols) | If using the `check` strategy, then the columns to check | Only if using the `check` strategy | ["status"] |

> | [updated_at](/reference/resource-configs/updated_at) | If using the `timestamp` strategy, the timestamp column to compare. May support ISO date strings and unix epoch integers, depending on the data platform you use. | Only if using the `timestamp` strategy | updated_at |

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

This reads a bit funny to me. Should this read: "If using the `timestamp` strategy, the timestamp column will compare?"

Kind Regards

Author: eek that does read weird! how about: 

> A column in your snapshot query results that indicates when each record was last updated, used in the timestamp strategy.

Reviewer: That's perfect.

> | [updated_at](/reference/resource-configs/updated_at) | If using the `timestamp` strategy, the timestamp column to compare. May support ISO date strings and unix epoch integers, depending on the data platform you use. | Only if using the `timestamp` strategy | updated_at |

Author: ```suggestion
| [updated_at](/reference/resource-configs/updated_at) | A column in your snapshot query results that indicates when each record was last updated, used in the `timestamp` strategy. May support ISO date strings and unix epoch integers, depending on the data platform you use. | Only if using the `timestamp` strategy | updated_at |
```

| [strategy](/reference/resource-configs/strategy) | The snapshot strategy to use. One of `timestamp` or `check` | Yes | timestamp |
| [unique_key](/reference/resource-configs/unique_key) | A <Term id="primary-key" /> column or expression for the record | Yes | id |
| [check_cols](/reference/resource-configs/check_cols) | If using the `check` strategy, then the columns to check | Only if using the `check` strategy | ["status"] |

> | [updated_at](/reference/resource-configs/updated_at) | If using the `timestamp` strategy, the timestamp column to compare. May support ISO date strings and unix epoch integers, depending on the data platform you use.  | Only if using the `timestamp` strategy | updated_at |

Author: ```suggestion
| [updated_at](/reference/resource-configs/updated_at) | A column in your snapshot query results that indicates when each record was last updated, used in the `timestamp` strategy. May support ISO date strings and unix epoch integers, depending on the data platform you use.  | Only if using the `timestamp` strategy | updated_at |
```
